Add data ownership and mutability clarifications (#378)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector: processor/README.md

The ownership of the `TraceData` and `MetricsData` in a pipeline is passed as the data travels
through the pipeline. The data is created by the receiver and then the ownership is passed
to the first processor when `ConsumeTraceData`/`ConsumeMetricsData` function is called.
Note: the receiver may be attached to multiple pipelines, in which case the same data
will be passed to all attached pipelines via a data fan-out connector.

From data ownership perspective pipelines can work in 2 modes: exclusive data ownership
and shared data ownership.

> The mode is defined during startup based on data modification intent of processors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The mode is defined during startup based on data modification intent reported by the processors.
```

Author: Fixed.

> The intent is defined by each processor via `MutatesConsumedData` field of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The intent is reported by each processor via the field `MutatesConsumedData` of the struct returned by the
```

Reviewer: Or perhaps some other rewriting of the sentence

Author: Fixed.

`GetCapabilities` function. If any processor in the pipeline declares an intent
to modify the data then that pipeline will work in exclusive ownership mode. In addition
any other pipeline that receives data from a receiver that is attached to a pipeline with
exclusive ownership mode will be also operating in exclusive ownership mode.

### Exclusive Ownership

In exclusive ownership mode the data is owned exclusively by a particular processor at a
given moment of time and the processor is free to modify the data it owns.

Exclusive ownership mode is only applicable for pipelines that receive data from the
same receiver. If a pipeline is marked to be in exclusive ownership mode then any data
received from a shared receiver will be cloned at the fan-out connector before passing
further to each pipeline. This ensures that each pipeline has its own exclusive copy of
data and the data can be safely modified in the pipeline.

The exclusive ownership of data allows processors to freely modify the data while
they own it (e.g. see `attributesprocessor`). The duration of ownership of the data
by processor is from the beginning of `ConsumeTraceData`/`ConsumeMetricsData` call

> and until the processor calls the next processor's `ConsumeTraceData`/`ConsumeMetricsData`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
until the processor calls the next processor's `ConsumeTraceData`/`ConsumeMetricsData`
```

Author: Fixed.
